[MTM-56477] User documentation for time series migration process (#2478)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/enterprise-tenant/enhanced-time-series-support-bundle/migration-process-description.md

### Description and progress monitoring {#description-and-progress-monitoring}

The **Time series migration** page is divided into 2 sections.
The top one is called **Ongoing migration** and displays the current state of the ongoing migration for the respective tenant. This section provides control over the active process. The information is displayed only after the migration has started and is in one of the progressing states (In progress, Migrated, Verifying, Verified).

Here you can see the following information:

- **Tenant** - Tenant name of the tenant the migration process is triggered for.
- **Requested by** - Name of the user that started the migration.
- **Migration range** - Date range. Start date is the date of the oldest measurement to be migrated and end date is the date of the newest measurement. This is also the point in time when the migration has started.
  **Migration status** - This bar displayed at the right has various functions. Depending on the state it provides either visual information on the current state of the ongoing process or allows to control certain process states. For details of states, see [Migration states](#migration-states).

> The second section displays **List of tenants** with the next infomation for each tenant:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second section shows the **List of tenants** with the following infomation for each tenant:
```

---
weight: 20
title: Migration process description
layout: redirect
helpcontent:
  - label: migration-process-description
    title: Time series migration
    content: "The **Time series migration** page displays the migration status for the current tenant and its subtenants. From this page, you can schedule the selected tenants for migration. Migrated tenants require user approval and their legacy measurement collections are removed after seven days.\nNote that you might observe difficulties during migration if the DataHub application is subscribed. To learn more refer to [Analytics > DataHub](https://cumulocity.com/docs/datahub/datahub-overview/)."
---

> Tenant administrator users can schedule their tenant or any subtenant for time series collection migration. The time series format of measurements brings the following benefits:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tenant administrators can schedule their tenant or any subtenant for time series collection migration. The time series format of measurements brings the following benefits:
```

Note that certain limitations are induced in the API which are described in [General configuration](#general-configuration).

{{<c8y-admon-req>}}
To have this functionality available the tenant must be subscribed to the Timeseries-migration microservice.
The Administration application must have subscribed the extension c8y-timeseries-migration-plugin.

The user must have the following permissions for the permission type "Tenant management":

- To view migration status for all subtenants: READ permission.
- To perform migration activity: ADMIN permission.
  {{</c8y-admon-req>}}

### To trigger time series migration {#to-trigger-time-series-migration}

To start the tenant migration follow the steps below:

1. Navigate to **Migration > Time series** in the application where the plugin is installed. By default this is the Administration application.
2. Select the tenant you want to trigger the migration for from the list of available tenants.
3. Hover over the row of the tenant in the tenant list, then click **Add to queue** and confirm the operation. The tenant migration status should be updated to **Queued**, which means that tenant is added into the migration queue.

> {{< c8y-admon-important >}}

Reviewer: This important note must be indented to be inline with the list text.

Reviewer 2: updated

|Queued|yes|Indicates that the tenant is added to the migration queue. Tenants in this state can be picked up for migration. It is possible to **Cancel migration** from this state.|
|In progress|no| Indicates that the migration of the measurements collection is currently in progress.|
|Migrated|no| Indicates that the migration of the measurements collection is done.|
|Verifying|no| Indicates that the verification of the migrated data is in progress.|
|Verified|yes| Indicates that all migration processes are completed and user approval is required.|
|Approved|no|Indicates that the migration is completed and the legacy collection will be removed in 7 days.|
|Completed|no|Indicates that the migration is completed and the legacy collection is removed.|
|Failed|no| Indicates that an error occurred during the migration process. The information provided in the error message should be forwarded together with the support ticket.|

### Description and progress monitoring {#description-and-progress-monitoring}

The **Time series migration** page is divided into 2 sections.

> The top one is called **Ongoing migration** and displays the current state of the ongoing migration for the respective tenant. This section provides control over the active process. The information is displayed only after the migration has started and is in one of the progressing states (In progress, Migrated, Verifying, Verified).

Reviewer: I still don´t get what the second section is. You mention 2 sections and describe only one: "The top one is called **Ongoing migration**"

Reviewer 2: updated
